# Getting started
Here is an introductory guide.

## Tools
1. Before starting to use our screen, you must first [install the development tool](download.md);
2. Open the tool, and simply get familiar with [Development Environment](flythings_ide_snapshot.md), you can try [Create a new project](new_flythings_project.md), browse what is there, don’t have to delve into the details inside.
3. There is nothing on the newly created project UI. We can drag and drop a [text control](textview.md) on it, and then [compile](how_to_compile_flythings.md) and [run](run_project.md) to see the effect on our screen; **Note: If you have a wifi version of the board, you must configure the ADB IP to download normally**; refer to the [document](run_project.md);
4. We have provided a large number of [Sample Code](demo_download.md), select the code package of the corresponding platform size, download it, unzip it, and [Import](import_project.md) into the tool; there are many projects, These later chapters will introduce in detail, here we can select the example we are interested in [run](run_project.md) to see the effect on our screen; <br/>

At this point, the simple use of the tool, I believe you will do it too.

## Rules
After getting acquainted with the tools, let’s take a look at the development rules of this screen; <br/>
1. Understand the [directory structure] (project_structure.md) of the project, you can know what the project contains, and in which directory our code, UI and resources are stored.
2. Next, let's take a look at what content is automatically generated by the tool, [what is the correspondence between the UI file and the source code](ftu_and_source_relationships.md) and the [control naming rule](named_rule.md) on the UI. Understand after this, we know where our code needs to be filled in and how to operate the control.

## Control
The development interface is inseparable from the use of each control. In the navigation bar of the document, there is a special chapter to introduce the use of each control-**Control Introduction**.

## Uart
1. First, we must know the [communication model](serial_introdoction.md) of the uart on our screen.
2. Then try it out according to the provided [case](serial_example.md), and then add some protocols and functions on this basis.
3. Then go to study the realization of [communication framework](serial_framework.md);

## Update
There are two update methods:
1. [Make image file](make_image.md) —— **update.img** file; in this way, the program is solidified into the machine, and the program is still there after power off. Pay attention to the normal [download](adb_debug.md) ) The difference between debugging; this method is also our most commonly used;
2. [Make a flash card](sd_boot.md) —— format the whole machine; the system has a new version update, we will officially provide the corresponding sd file, make it into a flash card and flash the machine to upgrade. The system cannot be turned on or the system is needed supporting new functions or fixing related bugs, etc.. Only need to refresh in these cases.

## Debug
Currently, the program can only be debugged by [Add Log](logcat.md).

## Module
See [Core Module Instructions](core_module.md)

## Hardware
See [Hardware Instructions](hardware.md)

## Questions
Here are some [common problems and solutions](problems.md);

## Contact us
QQ群：[371608200](//shang.qq.com/wpa/qunwpa?idkey=da6e12d1773a7e55295a0accd2a46ad51aece61657fe55a2f8277f4cd91dc56a)<br/>
论坛：[SuperV](http://bbs.zkswe.com/forum.php)